In this video you're going to learn how to grow your Facebook page.
Would Facebook insights so to access Facebook sites you want to click on the insides tab at the top
of your Facebook page.
Once you're launched in the first report you're going to see here is the overview report.
And this will give you an overview of some of the key metrics from your Facebook page over the last
seven days by default.
Now if you do want to change the time frame you can select today yesterday the last seven days or the
last 28 days.
I know you can see then all of those metrics really on the last 28 day basis if you want to go beyond
28 days you also have the option there to export the data and you can export up to 180 days at a time.
So you can see like maybe this quarter or this month set the dates and then export the data.
If you do want to get that longer term view now while this overview report is great to get a snapshot
of your performance your Facebook page to get the insights for how to grow.
We really want to come into the individual reports in the sidebar here.
So let's come into some of these individual reports to see how we can grow our Facebook page.
Well first thing we want to know is OK how are how has our growth rate and how are we doing here we
can see a graph over the top in terms of our page follower's up and down over the last.
We can change this to month quarter or week.
And one thing to note here is or whether we might be wondering is what's the difference between followers
and likes and why is there two different charts for this.
Well this is a little bit confusing when you see it for the first time.
But if I come to a Facebook page here I can show you this example if I like a Facebook page you can
see that I automatically follow the Facebook page as well which means that I will see their content
in my news feed.
And I get notifications of events and suggested live videos etc. However I can on follow up page and
still like a page which means I won't be seeing their content in my news feed.
So why would Facebook even set this up it seems a bit confusing.
I think the key idea is that you could follow a page but not necessarily like the page.
So it kind of gives that that allows you to have that privacy if you want so people don't know what
pages that you like.
And it's a little bit confusing but I think it's for privacy reasons except for I think in terms of
a business you shouldn't really be too worried about this.
The number you should want to be focusing on is actually the followers because the followers have opted
in to see your content in their news feed.
And if we look at the numbers here I actually have more followers 23000 than Page Likes so more people
have opted to see my content in their news feed than actually wanting to publicly shared things like
the page.
It's only about a 3 percent difference for me here so it's not huge and nothing to worry about.
But it is a little bit confusing when you see it for the first time and that's why I just want to explain
it to you.
Bottom line focus on the followers and really just worry about that.
Now when the followers report here you can see net followers because you probably will have some on
follows and they are shown these red graphs here.
So I can see sometimes by three five on Fallen per day.
And if we actually look at this benchmarking tool here I can see that on average per day getting about
three on follows and that's the same as the last period.
If we look at organic follower's this period I'm getting there 51 a day last period about 79.
So a little bit then paid follower's none because I've been in promotions in the last couple of periods
and then non-followers in general we can see 47 per day.
And then 75 per day in the last period so last period is definitely a bigger one for me always putting
out more content.
And that's why I was getting better results there.
So that's that's a handy little tool just to check how you're doing compared to the last period.
And then here we have where your page fall has happened.
And you can see on the page it's going to be the vast majority of them here or you may be seeing the
option of it hasn't been categorized and they're not sure where that's coming from.
So this report can sometimes be helpful but not always so helpful.
Okay.
And then moving on to the reach report this is really where it starts to get interesting and we can
see how many people are actually seeing our posts on a daily basis so this will depend.
When you post you can see it really spikes when I've posted it here.
And then the day is over.
I don't post obviously there's not a lot of people going to see my content content.
So that's why it's important to regularly put a content if you want to get people to see your posts.
They're coming down we can see reactions Commines shares.
And once again we can see those average on a daily basis and they'll probably pretty closely coincide
with the posts up there.
Reactions.
OK.
Someone likes Baree.
The key thing to note is there's your trough is going to spike when see purée posts.
Now let's come down to the actual actions on page.
It is pretty interesting because actions on page are going to be when people click on this button here
or say if you got a phone number is a local business that they click through there or even click through
to your web site link.
So you can see Web site CLECs phone number clicks action button clicks get directions clicks user the
total actions on Page and depend on your type of business what you really want.
So I can see who click the action button which is the key thing that I want them to do on my page.
And obviously there's no directions because it's an online business.
No phone numbers.
So it is good to come in here and see how effective that button underneath your cover image is and how
many people are actually clicking on it and you'll see that in the actions on page report coming down
to the posts reports is probably one of the most interesting places to spend a bit of time and keeping
to look at is when are your fans online and you can see here that in this graph there's definitely a
peak on Friday Thursday Friday biggest days Sunday Monday Tuesday less so and although it is pretty
consistent at four o'clock on Thursdays and Fridays would be a very good time for me to maybe start
a competition or something like that.
And the maximum amount of people is and then for the other days of the week really around 4:00 o'clock
is when most of my audience are online.
So that's really a good indicator of when I should be setting my posting schedule coming down in terms
of the post types.
We can have a look at them here.
This really shows us all reach for each posting engagements on each post.
And a quick summary of what the post looked like.
So we've been scanning day in here I can see that if I click into this that could I create more posts
like this that got a larger reach and engagements.
So what you should really be doing is having a look at these posts that had a much bigger than normal
reach and engagement.
So I can see the reach the bigger the graph is in the bar here is bigger here you can you really want
to be making more posts like this.
Here I actually shared a resource list of fake news that was helpful to people and I just said you know
thumbs up if you like and even feel free to tag friends which I think some people do.
Did they share.
So this was a good post because it was a helpful resource and people wanted to share it with their friends
then so it's always good to remind people to actually like a post or tag their friends and that will
help you get increased engagements.
So looking down on that more
again just have a look at those top posts that you've made.
Again I said feel free to tag friends and thumbs up if you like.
You can see there's been six shares and so that's how you get more people to really see your posts by
giving instructions like that and sharing helpful things with them.
So the key thing to do on this post's pagers that come in have a look at the time that you should really
be posting on the days and then have a look at those posts that have been most successful for you and
even copy that format for future posts in the future.
They're coming down let us have a look at.
There are some other reports here like events.
Now I haven't set any up and but if you're a local business that's something and important you want
to be looking at closely.
Also if you're putting a lot of videos on your Facebook page there's a separate report showing the number
of minutes watched.
I don't have a lot on this page but you can see that they showed the mini views over the last time frame
the 28 days or whatever it is the timeframe that you set last seven days.
And down here is where it gets really interesting as well the people's report.
So this will show you really the demographics of your audience.
And this is the interesting thing you can see the demographics.
And by your fans and your followers.
Explain the difference between that.
But you can see that it's almost identical that really there's this strong skewed towards males of 25
to 34 in both the fans and followers by 25 percent.
If we come to people reached again 25 percent men in that age bracket and even the people who are engaged
are actually even more so 26 percent male males of that age range.
So this is an interesting distinction between not only here fans our followers are but really who are
the people who engage with your posts.
So what you want to be true doing is really keeping this demographic in mind what are going to be the
pain points the problems that a person a man of 25 to 34 for your for say digital marketing What are
you going to be the type of problems that they have.
And then to create more content around that speak to them directly in your examples that you're using
try and create an example for a guy of that age and really tailor your content towards them so they
can see themselves in your example and the problems that you are pointing at.
And that's just going to make them even more engaged.
And down here as well you can even see the country and the city and the language.
So again you want to be serving your content and creating content that really relates to your most engaged
people.
So the U.S. or maybe even in city in India in English of that age great age range and it's just very
helpful to come in here and use this information to build an avatar or a buyer persona for your fans
and for your ideal customers.
So the peoples are extremely helpful definitely come in here and check that out.
And below that we have messages.
If you've enabled messages on your Facebook page you're going to see the total conversations here.
I've disabled them.
And again if you set up like a Facebook store you're going to see the number of orders here as well.
But the key report's I think everybody is going to want to look at it especially the people report.
So you understand the demographics of your most engaged people your post types.
So you can really understand when your funds are online.
The days of the week to post and the type of content to post and also then just keep in mind you know
how you're doing in terms of your followers because the more followers you have the more people are
going to see your content which means you're going to be increasing and reaching more people on Facebook
and making them aware of your business and getting them to come back to your Web site.
So come in to your Facebook insights now that you know how to analyze these reports and get some insights
out of them and check out these reports for yourself.